I know the gold face is exposed and you
can't have it anymore
MVP starting to get back into this game
things are starting to balance out I
think he might be asleep oh well this is
just sad
military is Shepard about okay I think
that account that's lagging is neither
the players nor you were me it's not
it's not so it's okay yeah the game was
too awesome the computer couldn't handle
it a crash that sometimes happen that's
pretty normal actually yeah that's the
LG 3d cinema computers so I guess those
of you who are over there if you can
hear us
what's extra cuz they could these were
casting these games we should stand up
for me Cameron you were gonna have to
come over here you can check it out in
Hall D down that way or you can come
over here into where we are broadcasting
is from so I think what's actually going
to happen is this she's gonna drop and
then we're gonna go back in the game so
yeah don't worry
try take out as many as possible any
little areas that creep do help but his
creeps Freddie is still looking really
good man he's really all over the place
of that we do have a drop coming in to
this third base oh where his units
they're a little bit far away I think
they should be able to get there in time
though to save it which is very
important
oh my god I think so it is yeah oh my
god
well no hey it's a sad thing but it does
happen tasteless oh my god what happened
I do not know he's like yep that
happened you know it's like you're
kidding me you are kidding me I was
wondering where you were going with that
not anywhere exciting he's still but he
still time it out too yeah it's still
going down my screen yeah it looks like
it's definitely going to be a disconnect
you know this thing with the votes how
does that even work I've never I don't
know I'm never gonna use it oh he's back
in the game
oh wow right the average trying to click
vote to get rid of him like I vote too
let's just start over
no I yeah it's the game stopped liking
that's great
and then our breath pause yeah insta
pause that was quick I was cool